okay so for this first outfit it's just
this silver sequin tank top from wet
seal under it I have this um cami I
think it's from justice yeah I've had it
totally like forever and then this still
like cardigan I like it because it's
like subtle stripes like a white and
then like a translucent white I guess
and that is by the brie of energy so you
can find it at a lot of different places
i'm really not sure but yeah and so what
I usually do with this for fall
especially is just side button it up
like all the way down and then what that
does well I don't button the top one but
I'll button all the other ones down and
I'll show you so I just put all the
buttons except the top one and then that
way it kind of looks see through so you
can still see the sequins kind of threw
it but then you actually really see it
like on top and I just think that gives
it a better contrast and then you can
see some of it on the bottom I just
think this is a really cute idea up here
and then for jeans are just wearing a
pair from old navy they're just black
skinny jeans I think ok so for boots
this is kind of how i pair my higher
this is so this is pretty much how I
wear my higher boots they're not like
knee high but they are like pretty tall
but if you have knee high boots or
something really at all then you thought
work the same way so I just pretty much
cut them I just put them over the jeans
so I like to wear black jeans when I'm
wearing a hired boot for some reason I
feel if you were like high boots with
blue jeans it looks kind of weird and a
little too much much Oh too much for
some reason in my opinion I like to wear
black jeans just to make the whole thing
more neutral because I'm you're like
blues clashes with a lot of stuff maybe
that's just me but I really like to our
black jeans with my higher boots and
these boots are from wet seal they are
just this brown nice color and they're
kind of cinch I really like these boots
I wear them a lot they go with like
pretty much every outfit I wear that
address so i think that's awesome i
compare these with pretty much anything
so that is pretty much how I wear high
boots so this next outfit is this a long
sleeve shirt and it is from JC Penney
and it's just not a long sleeve v-neck
and then I paired this little scarf with
it I got it from wet seal and just oh no
I got from gordmans hey you can find
stuff like this out like wet seal suffer
a really inexpensive ants like a baby
blue some shimmer it's just I feel like
it's more of a wintry scarf but I feel
like any like scarf would look really
cute with this just shorter boots
because I feel like you're still not
going over the top if you're wearing a
scarf because the shorter boots are not
as noticeable it's like the high boots
and then for jeans I'm wearing this pair
of jeans from hollister they're just
like a lighter wash of blue denim you
know so here in pair of boots they are
by the brand brand rampage can never see
my face in these videos can you so um so
this is what they look like and
basically they're just be short black
boots these boots have these little like
those on the side I think these are just
the cutest little small boots they're
just little ankle booties they're a
little bit higher than my ankle so I can
kind of like put them over my jeans but
I like to wear black smaller boots I
like to usually wear them with just
plain blue jeans just like a lighter
wash you know add some accessories to
make it a little bit more of a little
bit more fam and aahing like not so
rainy day these are perfect because
you're not cute boots they won't like
make you really hard sweaty so yeah I
just basically pair these with these
jeans most of the time so yeah that is
how i wear my small boonies booties I
feel somebody saying that that's how
with my small boots yeah okay so now I'm
just let me showing you how I kind of
wear these boots and these are actually
just kind of leather with sequins are
kind of more my glam not dressy boosters
or something I wear with like a cute
outfit if I wanted to kind of make it
more like oh they have like a buckle and
I think they're like you don't laugh at
me
our hand Montana original hi Wilma
high-heeled they're like got a little
heel they are there Hannah Montana boots
don't laugh at me I've had them since I
was like 10 they still fit and I really
washed out right now I'm like super
washed out sorry I love them though so
whatever and yeah this year it's just
like plaid and it has like some gold
like shimmers I think it's a perfect
fall shirt they're kind of just a good
dark gray pair of jeans these are
actually high waters but when I wear
high boots with then they kind of just
like they're not noticeable know the
headwaters so I wouldn't wear tennis
shoes with these jeans ever never I
would not work small small I were never
wore small boots with these but since
this shirt has blacking it I like howdy
boots kind of just match it and I think
it's a really cute fall outfit involving
all the falling dark colors just a
little bit of red thrown in there and I
don't know I just wear some jewelry
that's cuddle I probably were colorful
jewelry for that like pop of color just
so top super boring and I know this is a
little mess in background it's okay it's
alright so yeah that is hard pair of my
and one thing I boots so hope you guys
enjoy this video and I will talk to you
all very soon bye